okay this is tribal and Charlie today is
day to the Dominican adventure do me a
favor if you ever meet me in real life
don't let me drink a Dominican drink
called the mamajuana
because last night I only wanted to get
sleep and rest from the traveling but I
wound up dancing all night long because
somebody persuaded me to drink a few
drinks and then became Fred Astaire on
the dance floor this place called
classic ghosts so please don't do that
ever
but today we're going to go stop by the
playa the beach in Sosua
get some fresh fish to eat for breakfast
and then we're going to go down tribal
over to tell a fatty fun and take the
that's that's the cable car and we're
going to take you to the top of Mount
Isabel but here I've got my climate
right we're going to take a moto canto
to the playa
here's my motor console
we're gonna go vamanos me amigo okay
okay play up let's see okay one moment
keep it
they're almost at the beach now as you
can see they have all these little shops
along the way down to the beach
let me turn the camera around so you see
all the way to the beach all the way
down the beach but you can't beat the
food here on the beach even though
they're serving it out of shacks they
have fish that are crawling right out in
the ocean in front of you can come here
and eat it every day it's really here
here we are there here's the play we're
at the beach now Laplace Sosua
I don't know if you can see this but
it's a beautiful beaches high tide now
so it's not going to look as nice as it
normally does but a lot of people come
here and go snorkeling it's one of the
best places in the world but I'm going
to turn around so you can see Mount
Isabel today we're going to go over to
Mount Isabella we're going to mount
Isabel today we're going to take the
telepathic go to the top and here's some
hotels behind this sua bait they look
nice and on it right on the water but
from what I understand
but anyway we're going to go over here
behind me is a mountain Isabelle you can
take a cable car it's the only cable car
in all of the Caribbean
take it right there yes you can see it
you're going to take it there and so I'm
going to go even show you some Dominican
food and we'll go over there we'll take
this take the career tour bus over there
this is traveling Charlie's we're at the
West End of the Sosua beach up in chair
Miko's this behind me is a restaurant
called me cows the cat McMichaels or me
cows or whatever we're going to go in
there because neat because I've always
wanted to it has supposedly the best
view around you can sit right and
overlook the Sosua beach playa Sosua
so come on let's go let's go check it
out
just traveling Charlie at Michaels and
chair Miko's look at this view behind me
I'm going to have some of their fried
fish here and enjoy this view it's
really spectacular and the food is
reasonable like the food on water now
the fish is a solo on poco dinero it's
uh it's only 300 pesos which is a like
750 US dollars so that's not bad but
I'll show you I'll show you what it
looks like when it comes out of the fact
that in the Dominican you can still get
bottled last bottle Coca Cola's
that's something you can't find in
America that I've noticed it just tastes
better to me but anyway who's on this
way okay the food is here let's see how
good it is
mmmmmm is good yeah I highly recommend
Michaels
this doesn't get any fresher than this
yep the fish is outstanding here is it
was called out right out here in the
middle this water or something probably
off the coast over there somewhere but
uh Michaels is really good in Jeremy
coast Dominican Republic I highly
recommend it this is a travelin charlie
saying howdy oldsman tacos
okay Michaels was really good it's right
behind me I just want to show you how to
get here you just walk to the the west
at the other end of the beach from cisu
into Kerameikos and you take the first
right on the main road and it's just
like less than say it's about 50 feet
just come out of the beach take a right
on this road but if the name is drove
you and suddenly the first your first
right as soon as you walk out at the
beach and then it's just a hop skip and
a jump up to here and that was fantastic
I really I'm going back to there before
I leave even eating in it I love the
view there I want it to have good
breakfast I don't know but uh this is
traveling charlie and ideals been taught
to us